[Music]
hi guys I am so so so beyond excited to
film this video so if you guys want my
video in March was like I'm like a March
cute favorites video I showed a bunch of
different things some of the things I
showed where these which were my cute
little fatty unicorns these are salt and
pepper shakers but I just like them and
I use it was like a little paperweight
some things like that the company that
has these they're called smoko now
somehow they found the video they seemed
to like the way I do reviews and they're
not sponsoring me they're not sponsoring
this video just so you know how's our
fingers people but they want to do like
a little trial thing with me and see how
it works so they sent me some stuff
which I'm really really really excited
to open and it's so funny it's one of my
friends who I killed him like I'm
obsessed with things like that little
unicorn and he got me like their mug
they're called you Lodi in accordance oh
I just like calling him that little you
know Chris because they're so cute and
he got me this mug I've actually been
using it for plants but I'm a big green
thumb I need
to keep it here so yeah so I'm gonna
open this box hopefully you guys like it
in this video I'm also gonna show you
guys a little bit about like their
website and things like that because
literally I can't say anything bad about
them like whether they were doing this
or not whether we work together and on
there is not a thing on their website
that I do not like honest to god
I have gone through everything on their
website and I try to explain it to
people and they're like oh well it's a
novelty thing but to me when I hear
novelty I think like God gifts and
they're not gadgets but they're very
very very cute it's funny cuz even
showing my husband some of the stuff
they have now we're really cool a
kitchen section and they have like a
whisk
that's a carrot and he's like is it bad
that I like that I'm like no because
then when I get it I don't have to see
if you like it or not or you know you
like it but yeah so they sent me some
stuff and Wendy say thank you smoko for
reaching out to me and wanting you to do
and sending me pretty things and to say
thank you I'm just like beyond excited
and happy hey let's see eight so
obviously when you guys order things
they come in different boxes but the
boxes I wonder if it's the details I'm
painting or gonna keep the box rug thank
you for the love and support we hope the
Tigers brought a skip to your step and a
smile to your face it did it's very very
cute they are sending me one of their
some green boxes so it's a September
subscription box so they do have
different subscription boxes that you
can subscribe to and I'm going to leave
everything down below so this actually
tells you what the box includes I kind
of don't want to look at it I did see
them an enamelled and in here on the
list but I kind I just want to keep a
secret this one that I saw the look at
the back
this isn't part of the bike
Oh guys they're unified slippers and
I've been plenty to buy these they have
a lot of different slippers and I'm
white of ones that probably was they
have like Dragonland this on my cup oh
they're so soft and then they have a
nice underground this is really nice
quality like this is stop poo zipper you
open the zipper and it's for the battery
see the perfect kick it must be like a
one-size-fits-all set but they oh my god
it is already soft can't wait to make it
light up good but oh the phone case it
is for an iPhone 6 or 7 how pretty that
is
I don't have an iPhone I have an Android
but that's okay whether I liked it or
I'm very stuck on my phone cases my
phone case I was go no I'm a huge Kiki's
Delivery Service fan so that's not going
to go away but it says good vibes and
it's one of the ones I like
that is really cool I have to look at
their website but I and the Bucks I
think that like this is one of those
Spock services that you know what's in
it before you buy it which is very cool
for people that like that I've been too
stuck on like the mystery box for a
while and I think now after doing it for
like a year for a lot of different
companies mystery boxes aren't always
great because more often than not I
don't like what's in it so knowing
what's in it will be good it's gonna be
for my nephew probably I'm gonna get my
niece this one because she has a lot of
the giraffe things and this is such a
cool idea is so cool and they have
little pinkies oh you stick it on the
wall and then the belly open and you put
the toothbrush in it see for the
toothbrush in it like that in the belly
and then it closes and then when it
closes it's nice and safe and it's tough
on a wall this is such a really really
cute idea I think kids would love this
turn me it's a glitter crane out of
unique sparkle to your photos insert one
of your most memorable pictures in the
back of the frame and then give it a
good shake
oh this is like tightly packaged I'm
gonna hope I don't suggest this to other
people oh that's really simple again
that our kids a tab which most students
don't have and then you just kind of
like pull the tab and it helps pull it
out and then you can put the picture in
the frame I don't have a picture that
will fit the frame but you can just
pretending
Oh like that keep that would look when I
had dark hair guy I like this I just
have to find I am pretty sure I'd like
copies of those and I can just put that
in and this is just so smart this is
just so simple to like put in empty tab
that makes me so happy old snap I just
opened this like a little thing and it
just has so many pins in it go fit and
these are enamel it weeds are like the
hard kind so they're really nice Larry
David crowded by like summer stuff
look it okay my little old Lodi oh look
at the corny but oh my god that is
hilarious and I love the detail that
went into the actual like packaging not
like plastic obviously but like the the
back part the good car you walking in
with you I love the people who have the
but as a purse it's really cute and last
but not least the IPA tin oh my god that
is so funny so obviously because it was
like a South Pole box that was given to
me I'm assuming not everything that goes
with these subscription boxes in this
box we just totally fine because they
just sent this to me because they're
totally sweet and nice so let me see
what would handling from a little box
man be loading in the corn and I will
pin the glitter Franklin I won't let her
case the Corgi
Larry Dave okay
slippers the only thing I didn't
[Music]
so we are going to be looking at a
little bit at the website which is very
exciting so this is smoke up now it's
very easy to get to literally smoke oh
now calm they own their home which is
exciting first page is the elodi which
is seems to be their most popular
obviously why wouldn't it be you scroll
a little bit and here are my amazing
alight up unicorn slippers that I have
squirrel squirrel squirrel this is their
main one I'm really obsessed with these
I think I'm gonna get these snacks and
it's funny because even though I have
cats I'm not like a big cat person like
I don't like a lot of cat beings even
though pusheen is a different story but
these are just so cute which is really
what I like their subscription box which
we were talking about a little bit ago
so they have a Munchie box a smoko
Unicorn box so that's the pre-order so
everything in unicorn will be in here
surprise box so this is where they would
choose just different things that they
would put in it to surprise you the
August supreme box so you click on here
and it seems like it tells you what
it'll be
$49.99 but it's look at everything in
here the July 1 so it tells you all
their pasts boxes this one is super cute
I love the Dino labels and stuff so then
if we go to like different sections on
the side it's literally like collection
so things for like apartment I bought
this one actually for a friend of mine I
bought it in green and it really is so
freaking cute I'm obsessed with the
s'mores pillow so the way I think about
this website is like ThinkGeek but more
cute so yeah anything you guys can think
of will probably be here when it comes
to cuteness so we can go to apartment a
pear roll they don't have a lot of
apparel which I'm kind of sad
I really wish they had more things this
is so exciting the boom box yeah this is
probably my favorite one it's really
really cute all their little snowgo
people in a try blend if I want to go to
kitchen the coffee makes me poop yeah so
they do have love that made me think of
it but they do have like adult things so
they have like these abusive balloons
all here's the waste come on guys
look at that whisk that is hilarious to
me even though the website has like a
bunch of like cute little things do they
also have things like I having love you
like why not I love their abuse of
balloons just let me see if I can find
them greenery these for whatever reason
no matter where I see them kind of freak
me out like with the tongue I don't know
hand warmers if you guys saw my March
video I'm obsessed with these these are
really really cute
hold on I'm obsessed with this let me
see if I can search see that's what I'm
saying
well that's a buddy and what's on even
they even have like a little dildo
section nose everywhere so if you just
look down here and all their collections
I'm sure there is something that you
will find and you will love because this
is honestly such a great website it's
just like take my money here just here
oh oh that's adorable so this is the
website i hope you guys go check it out
give it some love but thanks again so
much guys
I will see you later hey I just can't
stop smiling I'm so happy I can't wait
to do some stuff with them and see what
comes of it hopefully things come up and
hopefully you guys like this video
please please please check out their
website I'm going to be linking it down
below they also have an Instagram page
which is really cute it's a huge shout
out to smoke over now for sending me
these amazing things guys I don't know
I'm just so happy so excited these
things are so freaking cute
like always guys do all the things down
below thank you again for watching I
think I've said it multiple times but I
really really appreciate it and I will
see you guys later
can we talk about how cute my unicorn
slippers
[Music]